# Fawry-is-PARTNER-WITH-PCI-SECURITY
FAWRY THE LEADING FINTECH PLATFORM IN EGYPT TO PARTNER WITH PCI SECURITY STANDARDS COUNCIL TO HELP SECURE PAYMENT DATA WORLDWIDE. AS COUNCIL’S NEWEST PARTICIPATING ORGANIZATION FAWRY TO CONTRIBUTE TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF PCI SECURITY STANDARDS.
Fawry the leading Egyptian Platform for digital transformation and e-payments has revolutionized the concept of Omni-channel payment in Africa and the Middle East over the past decade. With more than 125,000 offline locations, many other digital channels and 10 years of experience, Fawry has managed to singlehandedly revolutionize the way Egyptians carry their day-to-day payments, in addition to helping corporates, banks, and small and medium enterprises develop their business models; improving remittance and cash management
Fawry announced today that it has joined the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) as a new Participating Organization. Fawry will work with the PCI SSC to help secure payment data worldwide through the ongoing development and adoption of the PCI Security Standards.
The PCI SSC leads a global, cross-industry effort to increase payment security by providing flexible, industry-driven and effective data security standards and programs. The keystone is the PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), which provides an actionable framework for developing a robust payment card data security process and preventing, detecting and mitigating criminal attacks and breaches.
As a Participating Organization, Fawry adds its voice to the standards development process and will collaborate with a growing community of more than 800 Participating Organizations to improve payment security worldwide. Fawry will also have the opportunity to recommend new initiatives for consideration to the PCI Security Standards Council and share cross-sector experiences and best practices at the annual PCI Community Meetings.
“In an era of increasingly sophisticated attacks on systems, PCI Security Standards and resources help organizations secure payment data and prevent, detect and mitigate attacks that can lead to costly data breaches,” said Mauro Lance, Chief Operating Officer of the PCI Security Standards Council. “By joining as a Participating Organization, Fawry demonstrates they are playing an active part in improving payment security globally by helping drive awareness and adoption of PCI Security Standards.”
“It’s one of the important milestones for Fawry to become PCI security standard council as a first and only member in Egypt and to join global giants such as PayPal, Amazon, Microsoft, RSA, HSBC, Citi, Verifone, and Thales” Ashraf Sabry-Fawry’s Founder and CEO
About the PCI Security Standards Council
The PCI Security Standards Council is a global forum that is responsible for the development, management, education, and awareness of the PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and other standards that increase payment data security. Connect with the PCI Council on LinkedIn. Join the conversation on Twitter @PCISSC. Subscribe to the PCI Perspectives Blog.
Fawry is the leading Egyptian Platform for digital transformation and e-payments that has revolutionized the concept of Omni-channel payment in Africa and the Middle East over the past decade. With more than 125,000 offline locations, many different digital channels, +24 million customers and 10 years of experience, Fawry has managed to singlehandedly revolutionize the way Egyptians carry their day-to-day payments, in addition to helping corporates, banks, and small and medium enterprises develop their business models; improving remittance and cash management
In only a few years Fawry made it easier for entities, corporates, governmental bodies, and endless companies of different sizes to collect payments, reward clients, and increase market shares in a reliable manner through its state-of-the-art technology.
Today over 2.5 Million daily transactions take place via Fawry, making the leading FinTech company the No. 1 choice to consumers and entities in payment facilitation; especially with its unmatched reachability covering various points all over Egypt and its digital payment solutions that are further cementing its reputation as a market leader
